
PROXIMITY TEST DATA PLAN

0. The strategy is to test a platform which facilitates 'direct to market', 'direct to consumer' messaging for a products and events associated with a venue

-------------

This is the physical web, enabled by active signaling from flexible tags operating on the bluetooth standard

1. The complexity of the test data design is high, because of the requirement to test a set of related entities and events. The data entities include

> venues
> subscribers (or visitors to a venue)
> brands (selling or displaying products in a venue)
> tags (BLE devices, low cost, unique identifiers, deployed at mega scale, The tags may be identifying people, product, places or events)
> messages ( scheduled ads associated with a tag and venue )

Beyond these entities, there are a number of other required data stores that are not integral to this test plan, including accounts, payments, passwords, product (detailed pricing, composition, inventory etc), auctions for supply and associated integrations

--------------

2. The app datagenv2 can be used to generate 

> venue data - ingests old venue collection and updates it with additional info. This generates ~3500 stores ... requiring 2 1/2 minutes of run time

> brand, tag and message collections, by ingesting a spreadsheet with a list of all majpr brands, and attaching fake addresses, logos, ids, descriptions. 

> For each brand, 100 tags are generated

> for each brand, 20 messages are generated with a validated tag id and venue id

> For subscribers, fake profiles

> 

-------------

3. For these tests, the default on 'message.target' is 'All', meaning the brand has scheduled an ad to delivered to every venue in which its' product is detected. 

> A product is detected through an active tag. 
> An active tag is detected though a gateway device which ingests signals and posts to the Tag Cloud
> When a subscriber registered to the platform enters the venue carrying a universal card, a url linked to a web page with messages for that venue is conveyed via sms (or a visitor can requesta web page for the venue via a QR Code)

-----

4. Test Process

> a 'tag signaling' emulation server emits a stream of random signals at scale for venues and tags. The signals encompass places and products. This demonstrates the dense, low latency signaling environment of a venue
> a 'tag signaling' emulation server emits periodic random signals for people - demonstrating entry into a venue



